h3. XTranslate

h3. Description

*English*:
The main goal of this extension is providing easy work in the web in different languages.
All that you needed is get a text selection on the page and to press hotkey (Ctrl+Shift+X by default). After that, translated text immediately showing up beside.

The extension already supports:
- "Google":http://translate.google.com/
- "Bing":http://www.microsofttranslator.com/
- "Yandex":http://translate.yandex.ru/

*Русский*:
Главная цель расширения - предоставление легкой работы с веб-страницами на разных языках.
Всё что вам нужно это выделить текст на странице и нажать сочетание клавиш (Ctrl+Shift+X по-умолчанию). После этого, переведенный текст сразу появляется рядом.

*Deutsch*:
Das Hauptziel dieser Erweiterung ist es, Webseiten in verschiedenen Sprachen betrachten zu können.
Sie brauchen dazu nur einen Text auf einer Webseite zu markieren und dann eine Tastenkombination zu drücken (standardmäßig STRG+SHIFT+X). Sofort erscheint daneben der übersetzte Text.

*Türkçe*:
Bu eklentinin temel amacı farklı dillerdeki web sayfalarında kolaylıkla çalışmayı sağlamaktır.
Yapmanız gereken tüm şey web sayfasında biraz yazı seçmeniz ve kısayola basmanızdır (varsayılan olarak bu kısayol Ctrl+Shift+X). Sonrasında çevirilmiş yazı alt tarafta belirecektir.

*Polski*:
Głównym zadaniem rozszerzenia jest zapewnienie łatwego przeglądania stron w różnych językach.
Wszystko, co trzeba zrobić to zaznaczyć tekst na stronie i nacisnąć skrót klawiszowy (domyślnie jest to Ctrl + Shift + X). Następnie przetłumaczony tekst pokaże się obok.

*Español*:
El objetivo principal de esta extensión es que puedas trabajar fácilmente en la web en diferentes idiomas.
Todo lo que necesitas hacer es seleccionar un texto en una página y presionar el hotkey (Ctrl+Shift+X por defecto). Después de ésto, se mostrará inmediatamente el texto traducido.

*日本語*:
このエクステンションを提供する目的は違う言語で書かれたWebを見るのを簡単にすることです。
必要な時にはページ上でテキストを選択してホットキー（標準ではCtrl+Shift+X)を押してください。
そうすればすぐに翻訳済みのテキストが現れます。

h3. Install

Download and execute *.oex-file from "Github":/extensible/XTranslate/tree/master/releases or "Opera":https://addons.opera.com/en/addons/extensions/details/xtranslate/

See more about Opera extensions "here":http://www.opera.com/addons/extensions/develop/.
